Add a Shutdown() method to `*Provider` SDK (#1074)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk.md

|present|false|true|`localParentSampled()`|
|present|false|false|`localParentNotSampled()`|

> ## Tracer Provider

Reviewer: 👍

reference to their `TracerProvider` and access configuration only via this
reference.

### Shutdown

`Shutdown` SHOULD be called only once for each `TracerProvider` instance. After

> the call to `Shutdown`, subsequent calls to get `Tracer` are not allowed. SDKs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the call to `Shutdown`, subsequent attempts to get a `Tracer` are not allowed. SDKs
```

> the call to `Shutdown`, subsequent calls to get `Tracer` are not allowed. SDKs

Reviewer: I wonder if placing this requirement on the user is OK. There may be asynchronous threads running that still produce spans / get tracers while the telemetry SDK shuts down. I think we should make it a MUST to ignore subsequent attempts to get a tracer.

I think it's OK to only allow one call to shutdown though.

> SHOULD ignore these calls gracefully, if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHOULD return a valid no-op Tracer for these calls, if possible.
```

We can be a bit more specific here.

`Shutdown` SHOULD provide a way to let the caller know whether it succeeded,
failed or timed out.

`Shutdown` SHOULD complete or abort within some timeout. `Shutdown` can be
implemented as a blocking API or an asynchronous API which notifies the caller
via a callback or an event. Language library authors can decide if they want to
make the shutdown timeout configurable.

> The `Shutdown` API MAY be implemented by invoking `Shutdown` within internal processors.

Reviewer: I think we need to be more strict here. Shutdown MAY do other things but at the very least it MUST invoke shutdown on all contained processors.
